Update readme (#163)
Khan/perseus: packages/perseus/src/README.md

> Widgets from the Perseus (exercise) editor.

Reviewer: This sounds like the top-level README for the entire repo. As such, let's move it right up to the root of the repo.  That should also fix up the image references as they'll then be in the same place.

<p align="center"><img src="logo.png" alt="perseus logo" width="150px"/></p>

<p align="center">Perseus Exercise Renderer</p>

Perseus is Khan Academy's exercise system. This repo contains the code needed to take a problem in the perseus format and present it, allow interaction, and grade the result of a learner's work.

<p align="center"><img src="sample.png" alt="sample of perseus in use" height="150px"/></p>

> This repo is a constellation of sub-repos for showing exercise content. Please see individual projects in in the `packages/` folder for more information about each sub-project.

Reviewer: Just thinking to clarify this a little bit..

```suggestion
This repo is a constellation of packages for showing exercise content. Please see individual projects in in the `packages/` folder for more information about each sub-project. If you're looking for "Perseus", you can find that in [`packages/perseus`](packages/perseus).
```

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

> - [Node.JS v10](https://nodejs.org/download/release/v10.18.1/)

Reviewer: Our `engines` section in the root `package.json` lists Node 12. I think that's ok so can you update this to match?

- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install/)

### Installation

To install perseus, you need to run the following commands:

#### `yarn install`

Installs project dependencies

#### `yarn start`

> Runs the project in dev mode

Reviewer: I'm not sure this actually does anything yet.  I'd almost rather remove it for now and then when we know more what the dev story looks like, we can add those notes to the README at that time.
